From: "British Airways" <BritishAirways@crm.ba.com>
Subject: Your booking confirmation XP3LKK
Date: 18 November 2025 at 18:04:24 GMT
To: <alexmorris@me.com>
Reply-To: "British Airways" <reply-fec61c707d660779-14625_HTML-369609751-500009926-2500@crm.ba.com>

 
If you are unable to see the message below, click here to view.
 
 

Your booking confirmation XP3LKK
Dear Mr Morris,
Thank you for booking with British Airways.
This is your e-ticket receipt, you won’t receive a paper ticket for your booking.
Booking reference:
XP3LKK
Flights 
London - San Francisco 
  BA285 London to San Francisco 
Departs:
Saturday 13 December 2025 
Heathrow 
11:45 
LHR - Terminal 5 

Arrives:
Saturday 13 December 2025 
San Francisco International (ca) 
15:00 
SFO - Terminal I 

Cabin: 
Duration: 
Fare:
World Traveller Plus 
11 hours 15 minutes 
Premium Economy Semi-Flex 
Operated by: 
Operating airline flight number: 

British Airways 
BA285 

San Francisco - London 
  BA7545 San Francisco to Seattle 
Departs:
Friday 19 December 2025 
San Francisco International (ca) 
14:50 
SFO - Terminal 1 

Arrives:
Friday 19 December 2025 
Seattle-tacoma International (wa) 
17:05 
SEA 

Cabin: 
Duration: 
Fare:
Economy 
2 hours 15 minutes 
Premium Economy Fully-Flex 
Operated by: 
Operating airline flight number: 

Alaska Airlines 
AS1340 

Connection at Seattle - Seattle-Tacoma International (WA) 1 hour 45 minutes 
  BA048 Seattle to London 
Departs:
Friday 19 December 2025 
Seattle-tacoma International (wa) 
18:50 
SEA 

Arrives:
Saturday 20 December 2025 
Heathrow 
12:20 
LHR - Terminal 5 
Arrives +1 day(s) 
Cabin: 
Duration: 
Fare:
World Traveller Plus 
9 hours 30 minutes 
Premium Economy Fully-Flex 
Operated by: 
Operating airline flight number: 

British Airways 
BA048 

Please check all details are correct. If you’ve made a mistake, you may cancel your flight booking and claim a refund without penalty up to 24 hours from when you made the booking. You can do this on Manage My Booking or by calling our contact centres. This does not affect any right to a refund you may have during a “cooling-off” period where applicable under local law.
Passengers 
London - San Francisco 
Flight
Passenger Name
Seat
London to San Francisco 
Alex Morris 
Select seat 

San Francisco - London 
Flight
Passenger Name
Seat
San Francisco to Seattle 
Alex Morris 
Seat selection will be provided at check-in by the operating airline. 


Seattle to London 
Alex Morris 
Select seat 


Bag allowance 
There are restrictions on what you may pack. Charges apply for extra or overweight checked bags. At many airports, including London Heathrow, Gatwick and North America, you can only pay using a credit or debit card. Cash is not accepted.
British Airways hand baggage sizes and weight limitations apply.
Some operating airlines may have different hand and checked baggage restrictions. Please check their website. Alaska Airlines 
 
Baggage allowance per passenger (ticketed and Frequent Flyer programme benefit) 
 
Flights 
 
Hand baggage 

 
Checked baggage 

London to San Francisco 
1 cabin bag
1 small handbag 
2 checked bags 23kg 
San Francisco to Seattle 
2 pieces of hand baggage 
2 checked bags 23 kg 
Seattle to London 
1 cabin bag
1 small handbag 
2 checked bags 23kg 

Manage my booking 
The links below will take you to your booking. Please only forward this email if you want the recipient to access your booking and the related services. 
 
Advanced Passenger Information (API)
Provide your Advanced Passenger Information (API) and ensure it's up to date. 
 
Seats and bags
Edit or add seats and bags. 
 
Check in online
Check in online 24 hours before departure. 
Manage my booking 
Useful information 
 
Disability and mobility assistance 
Please contact us if you have a disability so that we can give you the help you need. You can reserve your seat for free and book a wheelchair or mobility assistance at the airport. 
 
Food and drink 
For flights operated by another carrier, please check their website for details.
Special meals are available for customers with certain allergies or dietary conditions. If you would like more information, please visit ba.com.
Please note that whilst we will do our best to accommodate your request, there may be flights where we cannot supply your chosen meal. 
If you have any dietary requirements or allergies, you must inform your cabin crew of your food allergy upon boarding your flight.
 
Payment information 
Ticket number(s) 
125-2222801815 
Valid until 
18 November 2026 
Card type 
Amex 
Card holder 
Alex Morris 
Card number 
XXXX XXXX XXXX 1008 
Billing address 
11 Ty Uchaf

Penarth
Payment date 
18 November 2025 
Flight tickets issued by 
BA Plc, United Kingdom 
IATA number 
91498363 
Endorsements 
Restrictions May Apply -bg BA 
Fare details 
GBP 2,784.00 
Baggage charges 
GBP 0.00 
Seat charges 
GBP 0.00 
Total (incl. taxes, fees and charges) 

GBP 3,450.02 
Taxes, fees and charges 
Government, authority and airport charges 
Per adult 
Air passenger duty (APD) 
GBP 216.00 
Passenger service charge departures 
GBP 51.72 
Passenger civil aviation security service fee 
GBP 4.30 
Transportation tax international departure including ak and hi 
GBP 17.40 
Transportation tax international arrival 
GBP 17.40 
Aphis passenger fee passengers 
GBP 2.90 
Immigration user fee 
GBP 5.30 
Customs user fee 
GBP 5.60 
Passenger facility charge 
GBP 3.40 
Total government, authority and airport charges 
GBP 324.02 
British Airways fees and surcharges 
Per adult 
Carrier Imposed Charge 
GBP 342.00 
Total British Airways fees and charges 
GBP 342.00 
Total taxes, fees and surcharges per adult 
GBP 666.02

Warm regards, 
British Airways
 

Terms and conditions 
The price of your ticket includes a carrier-imposed charge or fuel surcharge, where applicable, per sector levied by the carrier. Unless stated otherwise, all taxes, fees and charges are to be paid by the customer (not British Airways). 
Your key rights under the Package Travel and Linked Travel Arrangements Regulations 2018 
If you book additional travel services for your trip or holiday via this link, or if, after selecting and paying for one travel service, you book additional travel services for your trip or holiday via British Airways Holidays Ltd. or Avios Group Ltd., you will NOT benefit from rights applying to packages under the Package Travel and Linked Travel Arrangements Regulations 2018. Therefore, British Airways will not be responsible for the proper performance of those additional travel services. In case of problems, please contact the relevant service provider. However, if you book additional travel services via this link, not later than 24 hours after receiving the confirmation of the booking from British Airways, those travel services will become part of a linked travel arrangement. In that case British Airways has, as required by the Regulations, protection in place to refund your payments to British Airways for services not fully performed because of British Airways’ insolvency, and, where necessary, for your repatriation. Please note that this does not provide a refund in the event of the insolvency of the relevant service provider. View Package Travel and Linked Travel Arrangements Regulations 2018 for more information on your key rights. 
Data Protection Notice 
Your personal data will be processed in accordance with the applicable marketing and operating carrier’s privacy policy and, where your booking is made via a reservation system provider (“GDS”), with its privacy policy. These are available at iatatravelcentre.com or from the carrier or GDS directly. You should read this documentation, which applies to your booking and specifies, for example, how your personal data is collected, stored, used, disclosed, and transferred. 
Baggage Allowance 
Baggage allowance indicated is the total at the time of booking. Baggage allowance includes ticketed allowance, any purchased baggage and loyalty allowance (including Tier allowance) at the time of booking. Baggage allowance is subject to change in the event of a cabin change, purchased bag refund or change of loyalty Tier before departure. 
Purchasing additional baggage
You will have to pay for baggage which is over your allowance. You can not pay to take extra bags for an infant, or extra hand baggage. The cost of additional baggage varies by item number and time to departure. The maximum amount you will be charged is £165/$210/€190 per item. You can calculate the specific amount you will be charged via our baggage calculator on ba.com. 
Dangerous articles in baggage
For safety reasons, dangerous articles such as those listed below, must not be carried in passengers checked or hand/cabin baggage:
 
Acids 
 
Poisons 
 
Flammable liquids
 
Explosives
 
Matches / Lighters 
 
Bleach 
 
Incapacitating sprays
 
Ignitable gas devices
 
Compressed gas
More information on dangerous articles in baggage is available here.
More information on security prohibited items is available here.
Conditions of Carriage 
It is important that you read this section carefully as it contains important information about the terms on which carriage and other services are provided to you. Carriage and other services provided by the carrier are subject to Conditions of Carriage, which are hereby incorporated by reference. These conditions may be obtained from the issuing carrier. Copies of the British Airways’ General Conditions of Carriage are available on request, or can be obtained at the airport, or ba.com. 
Convention Notice 
If the passenger's journey involves an ultimate destination or stop in a country other than the country of departure the Warsaw Convention or the Montreal Convention may be applicable, and these Conventions govern and may limit the liability of carriers for death or bodily injury and in respect of loss of or damage to baggage. Many air carriers have waived the Warsaw Convention limits for death or bodily injury. Further information may be obtained from the carrier. For more information, please visit Notice of Liability Limitations. 
Passenger Service Charge and Carrier-Imposed Charge or Fuel Surcharge 
The price of your ticket includes a carrier-imposed charge or fuel surcharge, where applicable. They are shown in the "TAX/FEE/CHARGE" area of your ticket. These sums are levied by British Airways and are not a tax, fee or charge imposed by a Government Authority or by a third party. UB is the Passenger Service Charge which carriers pay to UK airport operators for each passenger's use of airport facilities. 
Notice of Government and Airport-Imposed Taxes, Fees and Charges 
The price of this ticket may include taxes, fees and charges which are imposed on air transportation by Government Authorities and Airports. They may represent a significant portion of the cost of air travel and are either included in the fare or shown separately in the taxes fees and charges section. You may also be required to pay taxes, fees and charges not already collected. 
Overbooking 
For a copy of British Airways' overbooking policy, please visit Overbooking Policy. 
Travel Aware 
It is your responsibility to check and observe all the health and entry requirements applicable to your journey. We recommend that all British travellers check the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office website for essential travel advice to make informed decisions about travelling abroad. For the latest information relating to specific countries check gov.uk/travelaware where you can sign up for email alerts, guidance and tips. For nationals of other countries, please check your own government's travel advice. 
Important notes 
We’ve sent you this email because it contains important information about your relationship with us and the services we provide. This does not affect your preferences for marketing communications.  Clicking through to ba.com from this email will allow us to track how you use our website and enable us to show content and offers of most interest to you. If you would prefer for this not to happen, please visit ba.com through your web browser. We never share this information with third parties. For more information, please read our Privacy Policy. All travel is subject to British Airways General Conditions of Carriage.  We don’t monitor this email address. If you have any questions, please contact us.  Registered address: British Airways Plc, Waterside, Speedbird Way, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB, United Kingdom. Registered in England: 1777777.  This email is intended solely for the addressee(s) and the information it contains is confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, please (a) delete this email and inform the sender as soon as possible, and (b) note that any copying distribution or other action taken or omitted to be taken in reliance upon it is prohibited and may be unlawful. 
