From: British Airways e-ticket <BA.e-ticket@email.ba.com>
Subject: BA changed e-ticket receipt ZXRQ9T: 21 Feb 2026 12:50
Date: 21 January 2026 at 15:52:42 GMT
To: alexmorris@me.com

 

 
Your booking has been changed

Dear Customer,
Booking reference: ZXRQ9T


Change booking email

Your booking with British Airways has been changed; please see the details of this change below.

If the payment cardholder is travelling, you must bring the card used to pay for this booking to the airport with you, for verification, before you can travel.





What to do next


Visit Manage My Booking and print "Your Itinerary", a customer friendly up-to-date summary of your booking. We suggest you take this with you on your trip, as some authorities will need to see a printed flight itinerary.

We also recommend the following services to help you get the most out of your journey: 

 
Visitors to the USA 
You must have a valid visa or ESTA to travel to the USA or Puerto Rico, so make sure you have the correct travel documents. 
 
Pay to take extra checked bags
Save on extra baggage charges by pre-paying on ba.com before check in. After you are checked in, you can only pay for extra bags at the airport.
 
AirPortr baggage check-in and delivery
Check your bags in from the convenience of your home, office or hotel, or get your bags delivered from the airport to your door. Available from £20.
 
Pre-book airport parking and save
Save money with our competitive prices for secure and easily accessible airport parking when you pre-book and pay in advance. 
This is only a selection of the services available for you in Manage My Booking. To use these, or to see what else is available please click below.

The button below will take you directly to your booking. As it provides direct access, please only forward this email if you want the recipient to access your booking and the related services.

Manage my booking




Your Itinerary


BA0273
British Airways | Club World | Confirmed

21 Feb 2026

12:50

Heathrow (London)
Terminal 5
21 Feb 2026

16:10

San Diego International (CA) (S. California)
Terminal 2


BA0272
British Airways | Club World | Confirmed

27 Feb 2026

18:00

San Diego International (CA) (S. California)
Terminal 2
28 Feb 2026

12:35

Heathrow (London)
Terminal 5



Passenger
MR ALEXANDER MORRIS


Baggage allowances

Hand and checked baggage allowances

Baggage allowances apply to each passenger in your booking.

Flights
Hand baggage
Checked baggage
London to San Diego
1 handbag/laptop bag, plus 1 additional cabin bag 
2 bags at 32kg (70lbs)
San Diego to London
1 handbag/laptop bag, plus 1 additional cabin bag 
2 bags at 32kg (70lbs)
 
British Airways hand baggage sizes and weight limitations
British Airways checked baggage sizes and weight limitations

There are restrictions on what you may pack.

You may also be charged for extra or overweight checked bags. 


Extra baggage

You will have to pay for baggage which is over your allowance.

You cannot pay to take extra bags for an infant, or extra hand baggage.

Pay for extra bags using Manage My Booking

Extra baggage charges for flight BA0273
Heathrow (London) to San Diego International (CA) (S. California)
21 Feb 2026 12:50

Extra baggage
Airport Price**
Pre-airport price*
1st item of luggage (max 23kg)
GBP 155.00
GBP 130.00
2nd item of luggage (max 23kg)
GBP 155.00
GBP 130.00
Any additional items of luggage (max 23kg)
GBP 155.00
GBP 130.00
Over weight baggage
Each item of baggage
GBP 65
- 

Extra baggage charges for flight BA0272
San Diego International (CA) (S. California) to Heathrow (London)
27 Feb 2026 18:00

Extra baggage
Airport Price**
Pre-airport price*
1st item of luggage (max 23kg)
GBP 155.00
GBP 130.00
2nd item of luggage (max 23kg)
GBP 155.00
GBP 130.00
Any additional items of luggage (max 23kg)
GBP 155.00
GBP 130.00
Over weight baggage
Each item of baggage
GBP 65
- 

Pay for extra bags using Manage My Booking

*Pre-airport price means online or by booking through the British Airways contact centre.

**At many airports, including London Heathrow, Gatwick and North America, you can only pay using a credit or debit card. Cash is not accepted. 






Food and drink information

For flights operated by another carrier, charges may apply for food and drink. Please check operating carrier website for details.

Meal allowances apply to each passenger in your booking.

Flights
Meals
London to San Diego
Meal
San Diego to London
Meal

Disability and mobility assistance

Please contact us if you have a disability so that we can give you the help you need. You can reserve your seat for free, book a wheelchair or mobility assistance at the airport and order a special meal.

Contact us

Passengers with Disabilities Bill of Rights

This Bill of Rights describes the fundamental rights of air travellers with disabilities under the Air Carrier Access Act and its implementing regulation, 14 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Part 382.

Airline Passengers with Disabilities Bill of Rights





Your key rights under the Package Travel and Linked Travel Arrangements Regulations 2018

If you book additional travel services for your trip or holiday via this link, or if, after selecting and paying for one travel service, you book additional travel services for your trip or holiday via British Airways Holidays Ltd. or Avios Group Ltd., you will NOT benefit from rights applying to packages under the Package Travel and Linked Travel Arrangements Regulations 2018.

Therefore, British Airways will not be responsible for the proper performance of those additional travel services. In case of problems, please contact the relevant service provider.

However, if you book additional travel services via this link, not later than 24 hours after receiving the confirmation of the booking from British Airways, those travel services will become part of a linked travel arrangement. In that case British Airways has, as required by the Regulations, protection in place to refund your payments to British Airways for services not fully performed because of British Airways’ insolvency, and, where necessary, for your repatriation. Please note that this does not provide a refund in the event of the insolvency of the relevant service provider.

View Package Travel and Linked Travel Arrangements Regulations 2018 for more information on your key rights.





Payment Information

Ticket Number(s)
125-2227631896 (MR ALEXANDER MORRIS) 
Ticket(s) Valid until
21 Jan 2027
Card Type
American Express Personal
Card Holder
MR ALE
Card Number
***********1008
Billing Address
11 TY UCHAF,PENARTH,WALES,CF643HU
Total new payment
GBP 550.00
Payment Date
21 Jan 2026
Flight tickets issued by
British Airways, Newcastle, UK
IATA Number
91498363
Endorsements
Pax proactive upgrade/ ggairbagpou -bg:ba
Fare Details
GBP418.00 + Tax/Fee/Charge GBP132.00 = GBP 550.00
Fare breakdown
The price of your ticket includes a carrier imposed charge or fuel surcharge, where applicable, per sector levied by the carrier. All taxes, fees and charges are to be paid by the member (not British Airways). 


The additional payment reflects the amount charged to your payment method for this transaction and is in addition to the payment made against the original booking.

Please note that air travel is not subject to VAT therefore we do not issue VAT receipts.


Taxes/fees/charges
Government, authority and airport charges
Per adult
Immigration User Fee - USA
GBP 5.20
Passenger Civil Aviation Security Service Fee - USA
GBP 4.20
Animal & Plant Health User Fee (Aphis) - USA
GBP 2.90
Customs User Fee - USA
GBP 5.50
Air Passenger Duty - United Kingdom
GBP 216.00
Passenger Service Charge - United Kingdom
GBP 50.79
Passenger Facility Charge
GBP 3.40
International Transportation Tax - USA
GBP 34.20
Total government, authority and airport charges*
> More information
GBP 322.19
British Airways fees and surcharges
Per adult
Carrier Imposed Charge
GBP 594.00
Total British Airways fees and surcharges
> More information
GBP 594.00
Total taxes, fees and surcharges per person
GBP 916.19

*Government and/or airport taxes are refundable, however some countries will apply a Value Added Tax, Sales Tax or equivalent, which will only be refunded on fully flexible tickets.

**A refund of the carrier imposed charge or fuel surcharge where applicable may be made on unused flights in your itinerary if permitted by the fare rules and conditions applicable to your booking.

Please note that air travel is not subject to VAT therefore we do not issue VAT receipts.

Yours sincerely,
British Airways Customer Services

British Airways may monitor email traffic data and also the content of emails, where permitted by law, for the purposes of security and staff training and in order to prevent or detect unauthorised use of the British Airways email system.

British Airways Plc is a public limited company registered in England and Wales. Registered number: 1777777. Registered office: Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, West Drayton, Middlesex, England, UB7 0GB.

 

How to contact us

This is an automated email, and we are unable to respond to replies. To ask a question online, send us an email, or find the contact numbers please click on the link below and go to "Your questions"

Your questions

Data Protection Notice

Your personal data will be processed in accordance with the applicable marketing and operating carrier’s privacy policy and, where your booking is made via a reservation system provider (“GDS”), with its privacy policy. These are available at http://www.iatatravelcenter.com/privacy or from the carrier or GDS directly. You should read this documentation, which applies to your booking and specifies, for example, how your personal data is collected, stored, used, disclosed and transferred.



If you have received this email in error

This is a confidential email intended only for the British Airways customer appearing as the addressee. If you are not the intended recipient please delete this email and inform the sender as soon as possible. Please note that copying, distribution or other action taken or omitted to be taken in reliance upon it is prohibited and may be unlawful.

Passenger notices

Dangerous articles in baggage

For safety reasons, dangerous articles such as those listed below, must not be carried in passengers checked or hand/cabin baggage:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

E-vehicles
Acid
Poisons
Flammable Liquids
Explosives
Bleach
Matches / Lighters
Incapacitating Sprays
Ignitable Gas Devices
Compressed Gas

or other articles or substances which present a danger during air transport.

More information on dangerous articles in baggage is available here

Notice

If the passenger's journey involves an ultimate destination or stop in a country other than the country of departure the Warsaw Convention or the Montreal Convention may be applicable and these Conventions govern and may limit the liability of carriers for death or bodily injury and in respect of loss of or damage to baggage. Many air carriers have waived the Warsaw Convention limits for death or bodily injury. Further information may be obtained from the carrier. For further information see the Notice of Liability Limitations.

Conditions of Carriage

It is important that you read this section carefully as it contains important information about the terms on which carriage and other services are provided to you. 

Carriage and other services provided by the carrier are subject to Conditions of Carriage and the Conditions of Contract, which are hereby incorporated by reference. These conditions may be obtained from the issuing carrier.

Copies of the Conditions of Contract and the British Airways General Conditions of Carriage are available on request or can be obtained at the airport or online here:

Conditions of Contract
British Airways General Conditions of Carriage

Notice of liability limitations

The Montreal Convention or the Warsaw Convention system may be applicable to your journey and these Conventions govern and may limit the liability of air carriers for death or bodily injury, for loss of or damage to baggage, and for delay. For more information, please visit:

Liability limitations

Passenger service charge and carrier imposed charge or fuel surcharge, where applicable

The price of your ticket includes a carrier imposed charge or fuel surcharge, where applicable. They are shown in the "TAX/FEE/CHARGE" area of your ticket. These sums are levied by British Airways and are not a tax, fee or charge imposed by a Government Authority or by a third party. UB is the Passenger Service Charge which carriers pay to UK airport operators for each passenger's use of airport facilities.

Notice of government and airport imposed taxes, fees and charges

The price of this ticket may include taxes, fees and charges which are imposed on air transportation by Government Authorities and Airports. They may represent a significant portion of the cost of air travel and are either included in the fare or shown separately in the "TAX/FEE/CHARGE" box(es) of this ticket. You may also be required to pay taxes, fees and charges not already collected.

Overbooking

For a copy of British Airways' overbooking policy, please visit:

Overbooking policy

Travel aware
We recommend that all British travellers check the Foreign and Commonwealth Office website for essential travel advice to make informed decisions about travelling abroad. For the latest information relating to specific countries check www.gov.uk/travelaware where you can sign up for email alerts, guidance and tips. For nationals of other countries, please check your own government's travel advice.
 



