From: "easyJet Bookings" <donotreply@operational.easyjet.com>
Subject: Your booking KCPV1PS: Alex, it's nearly time to fly to Paris
Date: 24 June 2026 at 08:11:36 BST
To: alexmorris@me.com


 
Flight info   |   Manage Bookings   |   Check in 
 
Hi Alex, It’s almost time to fly to Paris and we can’t wait to welcome you on board. To get your journey off to a great start, here’s everything you need to know. 
 
 
Arrive early 
Extra checks can sometimes lead to longer queues at the moment, so please allow plenty of time for your journey to and through the airport. Bag Drop opens 3 hours before your flight.  Remember your passports and boarding passes. Double and triple check you have them and that they are signed and valid ready for travel. 
 
Have your boarding pass ready 
Don’t forget to print your boarding pass, or even better, download it from the easyJet App before you leave and save time at the airport. 
 
See the latest updates 
You can now check the status and see real-time updates about your flight on Flight Tracker. 
 
YOUR FLIGHT 

EZY2773 
Depart 
 
1 hr 25 min 
Arrive 
Bristol 
 
Paris Charles de Gaulle 
Fri 26 Jun 
07:05 
 
Fri 26 Jun 
09:30 
 
YOUR SEATS 
Here are the current seats you have selected for your booking:   
 
Standard 
0 
 
Extra Legroom 
2 
 
Up Front 
0 


To make any changes to your seats, please visit Manage Bookings.

Manage Bookings 
 
YOUR BAGS 
 
Small cabin bags 
45 × 36 × 20 cm 
About the size of a handbag or rucksack. Always measure before you travel. 
Free per passenger with a seat, maximum 1 per person. 
2 
 
Large cabin bags 
56 × 45 × 25 cm (including handles and wheels) 
About the size of a small suitcase. 
Must be purchased or included through a fare bundle or easyJet Plus membership. Maximum 1 per passenger. 
2 
Manage Bags 
 
EARLY MORNING FLIGHT? 

Beat the morning rush at Bag Drop with Twilight Bag Drop. Just drop off your hold bag(s) at our dedicated Bag Drop area the night before you travel, anytime between 18:00-21:00, and we’ll take care of the rest. Then when you arrive at Paris, just collect your bags at the bag belt. 
Find out more 
 
Your flight info - all in the easyJet app 


Manage your journey with ease Use the app to check in, download your boarding pass, and view booking details at any time.   Flight Tracker Get real-time updates on the status of your flight.   Gate and baggage info Receive notifications for gate and boarding updates straight to your phone.   

 

 
Gate and baggage notifications available at selected airports.
We’re looking forward to flying with you soon.
The comfort and safety of all our customers and our crew is our highest priority.   Please drink responsibly and remember that vaping, smoking or consuming duty-free alcohol is not allowed on board.   We reserve the right to refuse service or travel to anyone not adhering to our terms and conditions of travel. 
Why are we contacting you? You have received this email because you have booked a flight with us, and we need to let you know important information about your flight. 
easyJet Airline Company Limited, registered in England with registered number: 3034606. Subsidiary of easyJet Plc, registered in England with registered number: 3959649. Registered Office: Hangar 89, London Luton Airport, Luton, Bedfordshire, LU2 9PF 
The easyJet app is free and available for compatible Android and Apple iPhones. easyJet's app terms apply, see here. Mobile data charges may apply when downloading and using the app, check with your mobile provider for details. Apple, the Apple logo, and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc. 
For full easyJet terms and conditions and to view our privacy policy, please visit the website. 
Please don't reply to this email as the inbox is unattended. You can get in touch with us by contacting Customer Services from our website. 
To ensure you can receive our email, please add donotreply@operational.easyjet.com to your address book. 
  