From: "confirmation@easyJet.com" <donotreply@easyjet.com>
Subject: easyJet booking reference: KCTT39R
Date: 20 June 2026 at 09:55:18 BST
To: ALEX MORRIS <alexmorris@me.com>

 
Hi, ALEX; here are the details for your booking KCTT39R 
Next steps 
• 
Add passport/ID details for all passengers 
• 
Check in online 
• 
Get your boarding passes 
Add passport/ID documentation details > 
Payment details 
•
Payment to easyJet of €186.30 by Debit MasterCard (Apple Pay) on 20/06/2026 
Passenger & Flight details 1 of 1 
Paris Charles de Gaulle (T2D) to Bristol 
EZY2774 
 

Departs:
Mon 29 Jun 2026 10:20
Arrives:
Mon 29 Jun 2026 10:40
Bag drop opens:
Mon 29 Jun 2026 07:20
Bag drop closes:
Mon 29 Jun 2026 09:20
Check in closes 60 mins before departure 
Mr ALEXANDER MORRIS 

Seat: 
2E 
Small cabin bag: 
1 x under seat cabin bag 
(max. 45 x 36 x 20 cm) 
Large cabin bag: 
1 x large cabin bag 
(max. 56 x 45 x 25 cm) 
Ms CANDICE RINGER 

Seat: 
2F 
Small cabin bag: 
1 x under seat cabin bag 
(max. 45 x 36 x 20 cm) 
Large cabin bag: 
1 x large cabin bag 
(max. 56 x 45 x 25 cm) 
Change seats 
Change cabin bags 
Add Hold items 
Change Flight 
Baggage 
  
  
Cabin baggage only 
Our cabin bag policy
Every customer can bring on board one small cabin bag each. This could be a handbag or a small rucksack for example, which must fit under the seat in front of you. It can be up to a maximum size of 45 x 36 x 20 cm.
In addition, you may be entitled to a large cabin bag too, up to a maximum size of 56 x 45 x 25 cm, which must fit in the overhead locker. Please refer to your passenger details above to see if you have a large cabin bag included in your allowance.
If a large cabin bag is not included in your allowance, you can choose to add one to your booking.
More information > 
Special assistance and nut allergy notification 
Please let us know, no later than 48hrs before the scheduled flight departure whether you need assistance in the airport,and aircraft or suffer from a nut allergy so that we can inform our crew prior to your airport arrival.
Passengers requiring assistance getting through the airport should arrive at least 2 hours before flight departure.
Add Special Service Request 
Add a nut allergy notification 


Manage your booking... 
Head to Manage Bookings where you can do everything from adding and changing seats & hold luggage to changing passenger details and flights or requesting payment confirmations and VAT invoices. 
 
easyJet App 
Download our new app for iPhones and Android mobiles. Book and manage flights on the go with easyJet mobile. 
 
Flight Tracker 
For the latest travel updates on your flight, visit the easyJet Flight Tracker. 
 
Connect with us! 
 
 
 
24 Hour Cancellation Policy 
You can cancel your entire booking within the first 24 hours after making it, and we will refund all your money, minus the cancellation fee. See our help page for further information. 
Help and assistance 
Check-in online 
 
Special assistance 
 
Luggage allowance 
 
Seating 
 
Manage flights 
 
Flight tracker 
 
Travelling with kids? 
 
Advance passenger information 
 
Got a different question?
 
Useful information 
Travel insurance 
Please note: if you have made changes to your booking, then your travel insurance dates may need to be adjusted. Please contact your travel insurance provider to amend. 
Checking in 
easyJet is a ticketless airline. All you need to check in is a valid passport, or where allowed, national identity card. You don’t need to contact us to reconfirm. 
Online check-in becomes available 30 days before the scheduled departure of the first flight on your booking. Any subsequent flights on the booking taking place within 30 days from your first flight will also be available for online check-in. Online check-in closes 2 hours before the scheduled departure of the flight. 
Approved photographic ID is required on all flights, including domestic services. 
Packing 
Take care when packing your bags. No dangerous goods may be carried in baggage and certain items may only be carried in certain parts of the aircraft. Ensure that you comply with our hand and hold baggage regulations at all times. 
Conditions of contract 
Carriage is subject to the applicable tariffs, terms and conditions, and related regulations which are available on this site or free of charge on application at the office or carrier. Carriage hereunder is subject to the rules and limitations relating to liability established by the Montreal Convention. 
Important notice 
If the passenger’s journey involves an ultimate destination or stop in a country other than the country of departure, the Montreal Convention may be applicable and the convention governs and in most cases limits the liability of carriers for death or personal injury and in respect of loss or damage to baggage. 

Why are we contacting you? You have received this confirmation email because you made a booking with easyJet. 
This sale is not protected under the ATOL Scheme 

SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION 

Don’t worry, we know you don’t want to receive marketing emails from us. 
1997-2026 easyJet airline company ltd. All rights reserved 
