From: Itinerary@ryanair.com
Subject: Ryanair Travel Itinerary
Date: 10 July 2026 at 10:18:57 BST
To: alexmorris@me.com
Reply-To: Itinerary@ryanair.com

 
 
myRyanair
Destination::
Cardiff 
Reservation:
Y1H4RC


Your flight information 










 

To Cardiff FR4950

Malaga - Cardiff 

Mon, 03 Aug 26
Departure time - 11:30
Arrival time - 13:10
(AGP) - (CWL) 


 

Passenger(s):

Mr ALEXANDER MORRIS
●
Flight out:
FR4950
03E, Priority & 2 Cabin Bags
Mrs CANDICE RINGER
●
Flight out:
FR4950
03F, Priority & 2 Cabin Bags

Receipt:
Total price of your trip purchased via Visa ending in: 3001
225.48 EUR
Total paid in card holders currency FX rate 0.90780 GBP
204.69 GBP
The total currency conversion charge is 0 % over the latest available ECB (Euro foreign exchange) reference rate. 
VAT is not applicable on international flights however domestic flights may be subject to local VAT.
I have chosen and agree to pay in GBP . This currency conversion is Provided by Ryanair’s trusted currency conversion services partner
Check in now 
Need to make a change? 
Change your name, flights and more in your myRyanair account. 
Manage Booking 
You must download the Ryanair App to access your digital boarding pass.
We no longer accept printed boarding passes.
What do I need to do?
Download the Ryanair App. It's that simple
Download the Ryanair App 


Ryanair Travel Essentials



 

Fast Track

Get through airport security in 5 minutes or less with a dedicated line.
Add now 

 
 

Airport Transfers

Private car, bus, shuttle or train? How you get to your destination is up to you.
Add now 




 

Car Hire

With our Price Match Guarantee, you won’t find a better deal.
See deal 

 
 

Parking at the airport

You can reserve secure airport parking with Ryanair.
Add now 




 

Priority & 2 Cabin Bags

If you want to bring 2 cabin bags on board you must add Priority & 2 Cabin Bags.
Add now 

 
 

Change your seat

You can change your seat up to 2 hours before you're due to take off.
Book now 





Make the most of what Ryanair has to offer.



 

Add more bags

You can add up to 3 x 20kg bags to your trip up to 2 hours before you fly.
Add now 

 
 

Ryanair Rooms

High quality rooms at affordable prices. Book a stay for under £99 per night.
See more 




 

Inflight magazine

Download and browse our inflight magazine before you fly.
Download now 

 
 

Travel Insurance

Secure peace of mind for your trip by adding Travel Insurance.
Add now 



 
Day of Travel App Assistant
When it's time to fly, our Day of Travel Assistant will make your journey through the airport easier. Get live updates and notifications on your terminal, gate and flight straight to your phone. During major disruptions, receive regular video updates from our Operations Centre, keeping you up to date on how your disruption is being resolved.


Connect with us 

     

Download our App now! 

  

Payment options 

      

 
2026 Ryanair DAC   |   General T&Cs   |   Privacy Policy   |   Contact Us


If you have booked a combination of travel services together (e.g. any two of flight, hotel or car hire) we will be fully responsible for the proper performance of the package. Additionally, we have protection in place to ensure you are refunded any unused services and, where a flight is included, to ensure your repatriation in the unlikely event we become insolvent. You can find more information here 
Alternatively, if the above does not apply and you booked one or more additional travel services with us within 24 hours of having booked the first travel service with us (i.e. booking hotel or car hire which is linked to a flight booked within the previous 24 hours) you will benefit from all EU rights applying to such linked travel arrangements and will also be covered by our insolvency protection which ensures you are refunded any unused services and, where a flight is included, that you are repatriated in the unlikely event we become insolvent. For more information on insolvency protection, click here 
Learn more about reserved seating here 
For more information about our bags policy, click here 


Version: 17 824 886
