From: Tradeinn <news@tradeinn.com>
Subject: Your order 72423796 has been shipped 📦
Date: 14 September 2026 at 12:25:15 BST
To: Alex Morris <alexmorris@me.com>
Reply-To: noreply@tradeinn.com

 
  

Your order is on its way
Hello Alex, 
Your order 72423796 has been successfully shipped. You can download your invoice from My Account. 
Track your order 

My order
Order number: 72423796
Order date: 2026-09-10
Expected delivery date: Between Wed. 16 Sep. and Fri. 18 Sep. 
Payment method: applepay_express
Shipping method: Royal Mail
Shipping address:
Alex Morris
11 Ty Uchaf
CF64 3HU Penarth Wales, United Kingdom 
+447490234854
alexmorris@me.com

 
NIKE ACCESSORIES ACG-5L hydration vest/ XS
Ref: 150606460 
Quantity: 1
90.99 GBP
(90.99 GBP /u)


Product price (s)
90.99 GBP
Shipping costs
7 GBP




TOTAL PRICE
97.99 GBP
View my order 

If your delivery is taking longer than expected, we apologize for the delay. We’re coordinating with the carrier to ensure your order arrives as quickly as possible.
Important information about the delivery of your order
Please check your invoice. If you notice that a product has been removed from your original order, this is due to a lack of stock. The corresponding refund has already been processed and will be reflected in your bank account shortly.
Before tracking your shipment, please allow 1 to 2 business days after shipping confirmation for the package to be properly registered in the courier's system.
If no one is available to receive the package, the courier will attempt a new delivery, leave it with a neighbor, or securely deposit it at the nearest post office or local depot. In case of absence, the delivery driver may leave a notice indicating the location of your package.
- If the external packaging is visibly damaged:
Ask the delivery driver to wait while you check the condition of the items. If they agree, inspect your order and reject the package if it is damaged. Please remember to take pictures of the box to process a claim later.
- If the product is damaged and the delivery driver has already left:
You must report the incident through the "My Account" section within a maximum of 72 hours after delivery. After this timeframe, we will not be able to accept or process any claims for transit damage.
For high-value items, we highly recommend recording a video while opening the package. This way, in the event of an incident, you can easily prove any damage or missing products.
In the following link, you can find out how to contact all our courier companies.
If you have any questions regarding your order, please do not hesitate to visit our Support Center.
This is an automated message. Please do not reply to this email address, as it is not monitored for incoming messages.
Download the APP and track your order minute by minute 
4.7   + 13K reviews 

 
 

 
Real-time tracking of your shipment.

 
Push notifications on your order status (prepared, shipped, delivered).
 
Quick access to your order history.
Instant discount just for following us on

 
 
Discover all our stores at   

 
More than 25 million satisfied customers worldwide.
 
Official brand guarantee.
 
Fast and easy returns within 30 days.
This email is not spam.You are receiving it because you subscribed to receive our news and updates. 
 
If you have any questions about your order, log in to your account or contact us through this link: Help and contact. Our team will get back to you within 12 hours. We are always here to help! 
 
If you prefer not to receive these types of emails, you can unsubscribe by following this link: 
Unsubscribe  |  Manage preferences 
 
f you wish to exercise your rights of access, rectification, erasure, portability, restriction, or objection, please contact us at lopd@tradeinn.com. 
 
Tradeinn Retail Services S.L. CIF/VAT ES-B-17527524, 17460 C/ Pirineus, 9, Celrà (Girona), Spain. 
 
Terms and Conditions   |   Privacy Policy 
  